Download cygwin from https://cygwin.com/install.html
Windows 32bits:
Installing and Updating Cygwin for 64-bit versions of Windows
Run setup-x86_64.exe any time you want to update or install a Cygwin package for 64-bit windows. The signature for setup-x86_64.exe can be used to verify the validity of this binary.

Windows 64bits:
Installing and Updating Cygwin for 32-bit versions of Windows
Run setup-x86.exe any time you want to update or install a Cygwin package for 32-bit windows. The signature for setup-x86.exe can be used to verify the validity of this binary.

Open 'File Explorer' and create a folder in your home directory (c:\Users\<username>) called 'cygwin-installer'. Next, move the cygwin install executable to the 'cygwin-installer' folder.

Run the installer executable:

Using 'File Explorer', double click setup-x86 or setup-x86_64 as the case may be. For each section of the installer, do the following:

Cygwin Net Release Setup Program

click 'Next'
Choose A Download Source

Select 'Install from Internet', click 'Next'
Select Root Install Directory

Choose the 'Root Directory' you want to install cygwin to, for example: c:\cygwin
'Install for', leave 'All Users' selected (unless you specifically want to do otherwise)
Click 'Next'
Select Local Package Directory

The 'cygwin-installer' folder should be selected
Click 'Next'
Select Your Internet Connection

If you're unsure, 'Use System Proxy Settings' is likely the correct choice here
Click 'Next'
Choose A Download Site

This is the location from which you'll download the Cygwin packages. Ideally, select a mirror that is geographically close to you. If unsure, choose any mirror.
If no mirrors show, checkout this troubleshooting video: https://youtu.be/2rhHzNYh0o8
Click 'Next'
Select Packages

This may seem counter-intuitive but for now, lets not select any packages.
Click 'Next'
Review and confirm changes

Click 'Next'
Progress

Wait for install to complete
Create Icons

Choose 'Create icon on Desktop'
Click 'Finish'
Confirm that Cygwin is installed
Double click 'Cygwin Terminal' on your desktop and confirm that the terminal launches.
